[Fundamentals] Account security section (#4579)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-apps/install-and-setup/tunnel-guide.md

Before you start, make sure you:

> * [Add a website to Cloudflare](/fundamentals/get-started/setup/account-setup/create-account/).

Author: ```suggestion
* [Add a website to Cloudflare](/fundamentals/get-started/setup/add-site/).
```
